ABBY: I'm going to give
every single one of you a solo.
(applause)
CATHY: Vivi is very uncomfortable
with new choreography.
Maddie is doing
two solos this weekend.
Everybody should have one solo.
Aren't you happy?
No.
Abby, I think we need to talk.
Oh, you're not going to ruin this day.
And how many times
has my daughter
beat your daughter this year?
That (bleep) bitch!
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms...
Moms, you are going
to be performing in the show.
(cheering)
ABBY: A major Broadway casting agent
is coming to my studio.
My girls better make me look good.
We can't stop. We can stop. We can stop.
VIVI-ANNE: My stomach hurts.
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪Get up♪
♪Get on the floor♪
♪My world is with my girls♪
♪Living on the dance floor♪
(quirky music playing)
CHRISTI: After the weekend had passed,
I really felt
like I needed to call Abby
so that we could clear the air.
Your daughter
is holding a national title,
and I will take it away in a minute!
You're a uneducated mess!
Quit drinking!
CHRISTI: Seeing how Abby
gave her favorite, Maddie,
two solos last week,
I think I had a right to be upset.
I think I deserve
an apology, too.
But, you know what?
I'll be the bigger woman.
Hello.
You wanted to see me?
Yes.
Abby, I came here
to try to make amends with you.
I cannot let you
on my property
without this being signed.
You need to sign this.
I need to go back to work.
Abby, I was out of line,
the way I behaved in that room.
And I am willing to take responsibility
and apologize for that.
I don't feel that where my feelings
were coming from
or wrong based on things
that had happened to me
and Chloe for the last year,
two years, three years.
If you weren't happy
with the education,
you should have left
after the first month.
I should have left.
Chloe would not be
a national title winner.
She would be nothing.
You're dumb for letting people
walk out of your studio left and right.
I was trying to be an adult
and be a bigger person,
and she just wasn't having it.
White trash.
CHRISTI: The contract Abby gave me
has incredible stipulations in it,
things like I'm not to walk into the den,
I'm not allowed to walk
into the dressing room,
that I agree
that I'm in the wrong.
It's important
that Chloe stay at this studio
because she's a title holder.
If we leave,
she loses her titles.
You know,
do I sell my soul for a crown?
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Girls, let's go!
Come on, ladies!
Come on, girls. Let's go!
Get in here!
First, I want to talk
about this past weekend.
I am very disappointed.
Every single one of you
could have done better on your solo.
Moving on,
I want to forget about last weekend.
What's going to happen
this weekend?
It's the ALDC Showcase.
Thank you. Yes.
The annual Abby Lee
Dance Company Showcase
is an event that we do
to showcase
all of our competition numbers.
This is when
their families, their friends,
all of the people
that really don't understand what they do,
get to come and see the end result.
And at the Showcase
I watch every solo
and every group number.
Then I make a decision
on what's going to go
to the next regionals
and onto nationals.
We're doing the new number,
"Sugar Daddies," at the showcase.
Maddie, you won the overall
high score at the competition. Boom.
Nia, forgot the "Solo Cup" dancing,
made it up, went on,
finished with the music.
HOLLY: Nia was assigned
a little bit higher in the pyramid.
I think Nia was very excited about that.
Chloe did a great job.
There were some other situations.
You're here.
I want to see
that attitude improve on stage.
Yes?
You never know
who's watching you.
I honestly wasn't surprised
by the pyramid this week.
I knew Abby was going to punish Chloe
because of my behavior.
All right. I have a few surprises
during the showcase.
I don't want to pressure you,
but in the audience
at the showcase
it's going to be an agent
coming to seek new talent
and looking for new clients to sign.
Yes.
(cheering and applause)
When Abby said
that there was a Broadway talent agent
coming to the showcase,
my heart just stopped.
I mean, this is huge.
ABBY: Moms,
you are going to be performing
in the show, as well.
(cheering)
ABBY: Oh, Cathy,
you're going to be the choreographer.
(laughter)
CATHY: You guys are in for trouble.
ABBY: Nationals are getting closer
and closer.
With every competition
you get better and you get stronger.
So this showcase is going to be
a nice chance to entertain
rather than compete,
but it all is leading up to nationals.
Because we want to do what?
Win!
You got it. All right.
I think Abby lays in bed
at night and thinks up this stuff.
We're going to be on stage
like the hippos in "Fantasia."
Go ahead.
You're dismissed.
Guys, up with "Sugar Daddies."
All right, let's go.
Okay, okay, you're like mosquitoes.
Get away. Get away. Get away.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Come on, girls.
Do something with your face. Come on!
"Sugar Daddies" is a pop jazz routine
and they use props.
They're rectangular
in shape and they're--
they're big.
It's just kind of a nightmare.
Girls, can I see
some emotional execution?
CHRISTI: After the pyramid,
we're sitting upstairs
in the viewing room.
And it's very awkward
and uncomfortable.
Let's go in the hallway!
-I'm not going anywhere.
-ABBY: The children just won.
-My daughter's happy.
-CHRISTI: Let's go in the hallway.
Do you want to talk
about all the things
that need to be talked about?
CATHY: Christi,
I think that she's a beast.
She is extremely jealous of Maddie.
And Melissa was definitely
a victim, at that point.
CHRISTI: I have had
some time to reflect,
and I just wanted to apologize
to you three and Holly, as well.
It just wasn't my finest moment as a--
an adult, as a person or as a parent.
You know, I hope
that we all can move past this.
I hope you won't hold it against me.
I made a mistake.
KELLY: As far as the fight goes
with Abby and Christi, I'm neutral.
I see things Christi agrees with,
and same with Abby.
CHRISTI: Well, I just want
to apologize to everybody for--
-for that. Because...
-Me, too.
It was just awful.
I don't even want to talk about it.
I just want to put it behind us.
CHRISTI: The thing with Melissa
is she doesn't like confrontation.
So when you finally confront her,
you know, oh, no.
Everything's fine. Let's move on.
Everything's great.
So we'll put on that nice front.
And, you know, underneath I think
all those emotions are still there.
We have a long history,
and I absolutely think
Abby and Melissa
owe me an apology.
I'm the one who's apologizing.
But, you know what?
They were just as wrong as I was.
I think we just need to move on
and forget about it.
KELLY: I think we should go down
and see how much longer
they're going to be.
Okay.
ABBY: Back leg is not high enough!
Hold it, hold it, hold it.
(jazz music playing)
CATHY: I was really happy
that Abby chose me
to choreograph a mom's dance.
My vision is that I give them
very simple choreography
that is going
to make them look good.
Because I'm sure
that all of them have two left feet.
-Hello.
-Oh!
-Hi!
-Hello. Are you guys ready?
I don't know
if we'll ever be ready.
I was one of Abby's students
years ago,
so it's weird for me to be in the studio
as a dancer again,
and not as a dance mom.
And one and two,
sit, three, four,
go five, go six, go seven...
-(laughter)
-This is so embarrassing!
And a one, two, three,
four, five, six, seven, eight.
-Hi, Holly.
-Hi, birthday girl!
CATHY: You look like you're ready
to dance.
-We're still missing Christi, obviously.
-It's hot in here.
CATHY: We had a rehearsal call time
that I had scheduled.
Christi, however, was not there.
And it seems
like at every turn
there there's a dramatic issue with her.
Drop step, ball change.
Gosh, I'm so glad
that you decided
to finally grace us with your presence.
Christi came in very late.
We had very little time
to prepare for this,
and I expect you
to be on time to get the job done.
All right.
So you watch what we're doing,
Christi, and try to take notes.
One and two, ball change, Lindy.
CHRISTI:
I'm not interested in dancing.
My ship has sailed.
I don't want to be on stage.
And not only do I have
to perform this dance
that I really don't want to do,
but then I have to let Cathy
be in charge of me.
I mean, I have to do it
or Abby's going to punish Chloe,
whether it be for me
and my actions or just in general.
And I didn't feel like putting
a bull's eye on Chloe this week,
and that's exactly
what she would've done.
You're going to do it one at a time.
CHRISTI: I--
Cathy, this is not funny to me.
Like, this is humiliating.
KELLY: We like to be a group.
I know. But it's very important
that we can show
that we can go out
and do something on our own.
Shoulders,
that could be 16-count, too.
I don't want to do this.
I feel so stupid.
I could go on there like...
Five, six, seven, go.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven...
-Woo!
-Yes!
-(applause)
-(laughter)
Oh, my God.
My mom said she used to be a good dancer.
(laughter)
Things have changed.
(jazz music playing)
(laughter)
MELISSA:
I never really took dance as a kid.
Maddie makes it look so easy,
I just thought it would be a breeze.
Yeah!
Ooh, yeah!
Oh, my God!
Holly, you are amazing.
Let's do it together.
Holly had some African dance in college,
and she had a real
easy rhythm about her
like she was, like, a lioness.
So I was very excited to utilize Holly
and what she could do.
KELLY: Oh, my gosh.
I don't want to do this.
Oh, if you would just
stop worrying about it
you might have fun.
I don't want to have fun.
I like being backstage.
Nobody wants to see a fat ass
old mother on stage dancing.
Then you know what? This dance
is here to try and lift your spirits
and give you a little bit more confidence.
Because, clearly,
you're lacking in it.
ABBY: Come on in, moms.
I have a big announcement to make.
We have a casting associate
from Telsey and Company
coming right here
to my studio to look at all of you.
They are casting
the new production of "Annie."
It's going back to Broadway.
(applause)
I think Maddie
is definitely prepared,
more than the other younger girls.
Because she's been
to several Broadway auditions
and she does take voice lessons
every week.
Cesar is the representative
that will be in town.
He wants you
to have a picture and resume.
Apparently, Cathy and Holly
have somewhere better to be,
so please make sure
they know what's going on.
I don't want their kids to be left out
because they're not here.
Okay, moms, you're dismissed.
And let's get back
to "Sugar Daddies."
Let's go.
I do want to be on Broadway someday
because lots of people
would come
just to see that one person.
And that might be me.
ABBY: Let's go. Places.
CHRISTI: This is the first time
Chloe is one-on-one
with a Broadway casting agent,
and I'm dying.
It finally gives her a chance
where she can shine
and she's not being
upstaged by Maddie.
ABBY: Straight arms.
Let's do it.
(upbeat music playing)
CATHY: A casting director
is going to be coming
to the showcase,
and everybody was supposed
to have their resume and a head shot
prepared to give to him.
ABBY: Girls, let's go!
The most important things
to bring to an audition
would be your resume,
your head shot
and, of course, your talent.
One, up!
Point those feet. Come on.
Tilt that head.
Releve.
Stick your butt out.
Flip, flirty.
Both arms reaching.
Ugh.
Delete.
The girls have one shot
with his talent agent
and the photos
need to be perfect.
Do it again.
(upbeat music playing)
Supporting foot, turned out.
Back leg is not high enough!
10 times, 10 times, I've told her.
There's lots of things
that could go wrong with a number
when you use props.
These "Sugar Daddy" lollipops can break.
You could injure yourself with them.
You could injure somebody else next
to you with them.
You're too far stage right!
No one's going to see you!
They're really heavy?
-GIANNA: Yeah.
-(indistinct chatter)
ABBY: If any of you
ever work professionally,
a comment like that
is going to get you fired.
Deal with it.
Let's go, from the top.
The "Sugar Daddy" props
were bigger than I was,
so they're really hard to dance with.
Left leg, higher on the straddle.
GIANNA: One, up. Two, up.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven.
BROOKE: Ow! Ow.
(CRYING)
ABBY: What happened?
She hit my face.
The stick went up my nose.
ABBY: All by itself?
She was right behind me and...
ABBY: Your back hit her stick?
Yeah, and then it hit her in the mouth.
ABBY: Let me see. Is it bleeding?
Are you all right?
It just feels weird, huh,
because it's swollen?
It like burns cause it hurts.
Okay, well, stop crying
and run your dance.
Okay?
ABBY: The show must go on.
Come on. Remember,
you're the role model here.
BROOKE: When we're dancing
you get hurt all the time.
But you just have to keep dancing.
ABBY: Make sure
you don't scoop that foot.
BROOKE: If I were a cheerleader,
I would never get hit in the face
with a pom-pom.
(upbeat music playing)
Hello.
Here. Take a flyer
for our dance recital this weekend.
KELLY: Abby put Christi and I
in charge of the PR for the Showcase.
So we're walking the streets
handing out flyers.
Bring all your friends.
I don't know why Abby would put
Christi and I as the PR people
for the showcase.
It has to be
some kind of punishment.
Abby made us come here today.
She thinks
that she can control everyone.
I don't want to dance.
I don't want to wear costumes.
I don't want to do it.
Hello! You guys...
KELLY: Oh, you guys
don't know what you're walking into.
-Can we...
-(laughter)
No, thank you.
-No? Oh, come on.
-You don't want flyers?
-We're just giving you flyers.
-You want one.
I know you do.
Just take it!
Oh, I've never been
rejected by three men at once.
(laughs)
My God, it's a dance recital.
There's rhinestones and sequins.
We're in Shadyside.
Come on,
where's all the gay men?
Hello.
Can we give you guys
a flyer for our daughters'
dance recital this weekend?
Do you dance?
I get down at the club.
-Yes!
-(laughs)
Hey, me, too.
Hey, Kel,
let's go grab a refreshment.
I would love to know
how we got this job because...
Oh, we're being punished.
...Melissa is the friendly one.
Mm.
Cheers to our new jobs.
Ooh, that's refreshing.
I'm afraid somebody's going
to walk in here that I know.
Like, what are you doing drinking
in the middle of the day?
Yeah.
Nobody will know any different.
It looks like iced tea.
Let's get these people out of here.
Hello!
Come here. Let's go.
You guys look like the perfect
kind of people we're looking for.
Wouldn't you love to come
to a dance recital this weekend?
I'm actually a dancer, too, so...
KELLY: You are?
Have you auditioned
for anything lately?
Yeah, it's called,
"Naked boys Singing."
(laughs) I'm sorry.
It's really funny, ladies.
KELLY: We're out of flyers.
CHRISTI: We're out of flyers?
That must mean it's lunch time.
(laughter)
GIANNA: One line on the front line,
one line on the back line.
Hey, girls. How we doing?
Chloe, what's with the hair?
GIANNA: I told her four times.
ABBY: You told her four times
to get it up?
Push ups, go. 25.
Can't listen to your teacher.
Every dance studio has rules.
Chloe broke the rules.
Rules are for safety.
Safety for the dancer,
safety for those around her.
GIANNA: ...two,
straighten your bottom knee.
Every dancer knows
you come with your hair up to class.
You're not going to start turning again,
with your hair still down.
For real?
Leave the room, get the hair up,
and don't come back until it's up.
(dramatic music playing)
ABBY: Chloe, here, pigtail holder.
Why didn't you open your mouth
and ask for it?
Ridiculous.
You could have asked for a rubber band
at the front desk. Right?
Why she was crying,
I don't know.
Kids should cry
when their arm is broken
and it's hanging off or somebody died.
That's it.
We're working on turns
and it's taken you 20 minutes
to get your hair up.
A Broadway talent scout
is coming here tomorrow.
I don't have time
to be nice and sweet.
We are turning these girls
into athletes, not pageant queens.
GIANNA: Five, low
arabesque turn, six...
(upbeat music playing)
-Hello.
-Hi!
Look at you.
Let's go ahead and start
to recap what we did.
Me doing a two minute dance on stage
wasn't worth taking the heat.
I stayed in
because I really thought about it,
and I need to pick
my battles with Abby Miller.
I know that you guys
probably remember the combination.
Where is Holly?
CATHY: Where is Holly?
As we're starting
to go over our choreography,
I'm thinking
there's somebody missing.
And lo and behold,
Holly is not here.
(phone ringing)
-Hello?
-CATHY-Hi, Holly, this is--this is Cathy.
You know, I'm here for rehearsal
because we are dancing tomorrow night.
HOLLY: I am not going to be able
to perform.
I will not be at the showcase
this weekend.
Cathy may not be happy about it,
but I'm graduating
and she's not the one
who's just earned her doctorate.
Listen, Holly, we really need
to keep you in this number. Okay?
Because you are, like,
the best at the walk.
HOLLY: I'm just not going to be able
to make it.
Holly is not dedicated to dance,
and I think
that it's very reflective
on the way that Nia dances.
How are we supposed to go on
if she's not here?
Do you guys realize
we're dancing tomorrow night?
ABBY: Girls, let's go!
Come on, we're going to be here all night!
A major Broadway casting agent
is coming all the way
from New York City to my studio.
This is unheard of.
You won't leave me alone!
I'm trying to clean my dressing room.
I'm trying--look at the floor!
I have a beautiful facility.
I take pride in this building.
And when people walk in
I want it to be spotless.
I want it to be perfect.
Abby freaked out
when she came into the studio.
It was a complete mess.
All I asked for
was five minutes to leave me alone.
-What?
-ABBY: (indistinct)
MELISSA: Yeah.
Go ahead in there.
This talent scout
will be judging my girls
on their dancing,
singing and acting.
So this is a really big deal.
And he takes ordinary children
and makes them into Broadway stars.
Impress him
so that he wants to come back
for people years from now.
This could be
somebody's big break.
-Hi.
-MELISSA: Hi!
How are you?
MELISSA: I'm so excited
that the casting agent from New York
is here to see Maddie.
I think that she's going to blow him away.
Guys, look who's here.
-Hi.
-ABBY: Hi.
How are you?
I--I know most of you--some of you know
I work for Telsey and Company.
And we cast "Wicked,"
"In the Heights," "South Pacific."
We are always looking
for young talent.
PAIGE: Cesar is interesting looking.
He had a big Mohawk
that went straight up,
and everyone thought
it was really cool.
And even for, like, you guys,
we just did a movie
where we found little kids
for a Disney film.
-So...
-(gasps)
...you know, you never know
when we're going to find that next star.
MADDIE: I think it's a big deal
because I would really like
to be on a Broadway show.
MELISSA: You know
which one you're going to read?
The most important thing
is to be yourself.
And I know I shouldn't like it.
And I know
I shouldn't like it, but...
ABBY: It's understandable
that the children would be nervous.
This is a big time casting agent.
I mean, this is huge.
For him to come to Pittsburgh
and be in my studio,
I was a nervous wreck.
An 8 and 1/2 by 11.
Your mom has her doctorate.
Measure it.
I specifically said don't bring me
an 8 and 1/2 by 11 piece of paper.
KELLY: Before the casting director came,
Abby just exploded.
It just added
so much stress to everyone.
Everybody was nervous
about the audition to begin with,
and then she just flipped out.
So it just made everybody on edge.
My legs won't stop shaking.
All right, we're ready to begin!
-Let's go!
-CHRISTI: Chloe.
Abby made Chloe go in first
because she's her Guinea pig.
You know, she wanted her to go in.
She wanted her to see
everything that went on
so she could go out
and give the other kids notes.
Chloe, you're fine. Go!
Chloe, don't cry.
Stop crying.
-Hey, how are you?
-I'm good. How are you?
-Good. What's your name?
-Chloe.
Hey, Chloe.
Nice to meet you.
I've never danced in front
of a Broadway agent before,
and I really want to do good
for Miss Abby and my mom.
(upbeat music playing)
CHRISTI: I hope he does great
in front of the casting director.
She has a--a cute personality,
you know, a talented dancer.
But sometimes, you know,
when the pressure's on,
I have seen Chloe
either rise to the occasion
or kind of crumble under the pressure.
So, you know,
it's always a tossup.
CESAR: Good job. Cool, Chloe.
-Thank you.
ABBY: Nia, let's go.
NIA: It's really scary
auditioning for the first time.
I wish my mom were here.
Do you sing?
A little bit.
♪Tomorrow♪
Nah.
I was doing my best,
but I just got nervous.
(ominous music playing)
No, stop. We can stop.
We can stop. We can stop.
We can stop.
Just stop. Yeah.
KELLY: Brooke and Paige
are performing in front of Cesar,
and I'm a nervous wreck.
We have not had a lot
of time to prepare.
Abby's on a rampage.
I just hope that they're performing okay
for Cesar.
-Are you Paige's sister?
-Yes.
How is it dancing with your sister?
She gets rather annoying.
She does?
BROOKE: I'm really nervous
because he's a real
Broadway casting agent.
CESAR: Take a--
take a breath before you start.
BROOKE: If I see
one more brussels sprouts,
I'm never cleaning
my room again.
I'm going on strike.
Try to bring your eyes up more
so I--you can--I can make a--
so I can see you,
just because I--
this is what I'm seeing right now.
ABBY: I am very disappointed
in my girls at the audition.
It should have been
a piece of cake for them.
But instead,
they got in there and acted
like they had no idea
what they were doing in front of Cesar.
Listen to what I'm telling you.
And this is not Abby Lee Miller's problem,
this is your school teacher's problem.
You didn't read the sentence.
Do you have
reading comprehension at school?
This is way beyond the realm
of dance teacher.
MELISSA: Abby got mad at the girls
for the reading comprehension,
but she always says
dance needs to come before school.
So I kept saying,
our girls don't even go to school.
They miss school
all the time for dance.
Mackenzie, you want to sing?
You're going to sing, honey.
-No!
-But honey, why?
I don't want to sing!
MELISSA: Are you going to sing,
Mackenzie?
-No.
-Then go in the car.
-Get the keys, sit in the car.
-I don't want to go in the car.
But you're--
that's why we're here, to sing.
I spend all this money
for you to sing every week.
Uh-uh.
MELISSA: Come here.
You have to sing
or Abby's gonna flip out.
Oh, my God.
Mackenzie, come here.
Where is Vivi-Anne?
No matter what they ask you, yes.
S--put the S on it.
-Let me hear it.
-Yes.
-ABBY: Yes.
Can you sing?
-Yes.
-ABBY: Can you dance?
CESAR: Hey, ladies.
How are you?
This is Mackenzie Ziegler,
and this is Vivi-Anne.
Hey, Mackenzie.
Can I take your picture?
Have fun. Okay?
(upbeat music playing)
CATHY: I don't know
why everybody else was stressing.
I thought that Vivi did great.
CESAR: I have a question.
Do either of you sing?
Mackenzie,
do you want to sing a little bit?
-ABBY: Yes.
-CESAR: No?
-CESAR: You can sing anything.
If you don't want to sing,
you don't have to.
You don't want to?
Didn't we just have a little chat
in the other room
about if you--
he asks you anything you say yes?
I'll tell you what.
Your mother--her money
that she spends on voice lessons...
CESAR: Yeah, Abby, can--just--
I--I appreciate you bringing them in.
Just if you can step out,
just because they get nervous.
Next time I see you,
you're going to sing for me.
Right? You promise?
Here Mackenzie
goes into an audition
for the biggest casting agent
in New York City,
and Mackenzie wouldn't sing.
I was very frustrated
because I pay for her
to get voice lessons every week.
But, Kenz, we just went over
and you just sang it in there.
-Vivi-Anne...
-MELISSA: No more.
I'm not paying for you to sing anymore.
I did a chin stand and it hurt.
Okay, Kenz.
Okay. Okay.
Walk away from me, please.
GIANNA: Maddie!
(upbeat music playing)
CESAR: Shake it out.
I know you--I know you're nervous.
Just breathe. Breathe.
So don't be so nervous.
You just come in,
have fun, be yourself.
Okay?
Thank you so much, Maddie.
-Thank you.
-CESAR: Thanks.
(tense music playing)
-ABBY: Bye-bye, Goodnight.
-CESAR: Goodnight.
ABBY:
We'll see you at the Showcase.
I was not pleased
with my girls' auditions.
They need to step it up
and bring their A game
right onto that stage when Cesar comes
to see the performance.
-I messed up.
-What happened? What, singing?
-No.
-What?
-Dancing?
-I didn't do what I wanted to.
MELISSA: Oh, don't cry, Maddie.
Maddie.
Go out here, now,
because we're not crying.
Absolutely not.
You should have smiled.
You were fine.
NIA: There were so many things
that I could have done better.
I wish my mom
could have been here.
My head hurts.
My stomach hurts, bad.
(jazz music playing)
CATHY: Oh, my gosh!
Look at this place!
-This place is adorable!
-Hey!
How are you, honey?
CATHY: Melissa's taking me
to a little boutique
that has jewelry that we're going to be
able to use for our costumes.
-Do you own this place?
-I do.
Oh, my gosh.
You need to franchise it to Ohio.
I don't think that Melissa
is at my level of style,
but she's the only one
that volunteered
to go shopping with me today.
-We have costumes...
-Okay.
...for this recital that we're in.
So this is not just because it's going
to camouflage
-everybody's hips...
-Okay. Okay.
...you know, especially Christi,
because she's got a big butt. And...
(laughs)
She's not here
to defend herself.
I love her handbags
and I so love the way she dresses.
She looks so cute
every time I see her.
-That purse...
-This is really cute.
And look at this.
This looks like...
-MELISSA: Yes.
-That looks like me.
MELISSA: That look--
totally looks like you.
This is really cute.
I am the handbag queen.
I need to stay in here
and look around, I really do.
I know.
But we don't have time.
-I am--I adore bright...
-(gasps)
-You know what?
-Look at that.
I don't care
about the rehearsal right now.
-(laughs)
-I'd rather buy handbags.
-Yay! We'll order one.
-CATHY: I'd rather buy handbags.
I would say
next to the dance studio
that shopping is, like,
my all time hobby.
When I'm shopping
with people and they're done,
I've got four more hours
to go in high heels.
My Bunco friends call me,
"the purse-whore."
(laughs)
Oh, my goodness!
(upbeat music playing)
CHRISTI: We only have
a one number change.
It's our annual Dance
Company Showcase,
and it's every mother's nightmare.
This dress rehearsal in--
in the showcase, it's insane.
I mean, we're running
down the hallway.
Bobby pins are flying.
Kids are out of breath.
People are frustrated and upset.
It's madness.
-Thanks.
-MELISSA: Losing it!
ABBY: Okay. Places, girls.
Let's do this, again.
The Showcase week is really more
stressful than the competition
because everybody is doing every number.
We do a dress rehearsal all day
and during the dress rehearsal
I call the show.
I'm calling the curtains.
I'm calling the sound.
I'm calling the lights.
I'm calling you who enters, who exits.
So I sit up in the booth.
I watch the show from the top,
and I control
everything that's going on.
And we have to stop
and start and stop and start
to make sure it's right.
If everybody's doing their job,
things go off without a hitch.
Christi, I need you in two minutes!
Can you tell me
how soon it is to "Honeybee?"
-Oh, please, don't do that.
-ABBY: No.
Stage left. Stage left.
Stage left. Go.
Maybe not.
Okay. Come on, girls.
I am behind schedule already.
You need to be on stage, ready to go.
That's what a call time is,
ready to dance,
hair and makeup,
not just walking in the door.
Yes?
Nia, where is your mother?
She's at work.
CATHY: Abby,
she's been at work all weekend
and she's not dancing today
in the mom's dance.
-She's not?
-No.
Cathy, I know you're upset.
I'm a little upset
because I had to repaginate,
and I'm not sure
that we are totally comfortable with it.
-Well...
-CATHY: I have a brilliant idea.
-Would you please do the honors...
--No.
...and dance with--oh, come on.
-Oh, come on.
-MELISSA: Come on, Abby!
No. Actually,
insurance-wise, I can't.
There was no way
that I could have stepped on stage
and then still cued everybody
for what they needed to do.
Plus, I don't do my own choreography
let alone somebody else's.
And, remember,
we have an agent in the audience.
So if you think you were fabulous,
then be fabulous again.
If you weren't fabulous,
let him see what you can do.
MELISSA: I'm so excited
that the casting agent from New York
is here to see Maddie.
I think that she's going to blow him away.
And maybe he'll see me
in the mom dance
and cast us in something together.
(laughs)
Safety first, and no bare feet.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Center! Center!
Center!
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER:
♪Tastes so sweet from head to feet♪
♪No, that's something
that can't be beat♪
I'm really freaked out
about these because they're...
A mess?
Oh, my God, they're a mess.
Abby told us that the girls
in the "Sugar Daddies" dance
needed to have
a lollipop as a prop.
And it was an issue
from the get-go.
She gave us something
that was awful to work with.
They kept breaking.
(indistinct chatter)
ABBY: "Sugar Daddies," let's go.
SINGER: ♪Sugar, sugar♪
(indistinct)
(ominous music playing)
Can you hold
that right there for a second?
See, if we had--if we had straight pins,
we could pin that in.
As far as being the studio owner
of Candy Apples Dance Center,
we would never,
ever go to dress rehearsal,
let alone the performance,
and our props would not be done.
They are done weeks beforehand.
ABBY: Can you send the people
that are doing the props up to me
so I make sure
they're doing the right thing?
And I am sick
and tired of policing them
about every little thing.
Can't their mothers
do anything right?
Where--where is the adult
in this situation?
You know, guys, everybody thinks
I'm the one at the last minute.
These have been done.
I told your children to take them
on Friday night
and pitch in and get them done.
All I need these mothers to do
is make sure their daughters
are on stage with props.
Easy, right?
No, not with these mothers.
It's always something.
(tense music playing)
ABBY: Today is it.
Everybody's worked really hard.
This is the Showcase.
You know what I need you to rotate
to give me that shiny sign out.
The good news is,
Cesar is here to see the performance.
So he is going to get
to see them on stage.
KELLY: Doing the Annual Showcase
is stressful enough.
But then having a Broadway agent
in the audience,
it's like, my head's going to explode.
I just want my kids
to make an impression.
(applause)
And now, the Abby Lee Dance Company
proudly presents
"We Love to Dance."
(upbeat music playing)
Two minute call!
Everyone, we have two minutes
until we go on stage.
ABBY: I use the Showcase as
a viable way
to see what we're going to spend money on
to take to nationals.
When I sit in the light booth,
I see the overall picture
that I don't normally
get to see at a competition.
So I really get a great view
of who's on, who's off,
who needs private lessons,
who doesn't,
and what numbers really
are going to do well at nationals.
The moms are next.
Can we--can we talk through the dance?
Yes.
Let's talk through the dance.
CHRISTI: At this point, I am so nervous,
I'm a nervous wreck backstage.
By the way, moms are next.
Okay. We're going to just talk
through it real fast.
Do we need to be backstage?
Oh, no. We...
No, listen!
MELISSA: No. This dance is over.
CATHY: Oh, crap.
CHRISTI: We step out
on stage and the lights hit us
and I'm blinded, and I'm in the middle
of my worst nightmare.
I have dreams about stuff like this.
I don't want to do this.
Oh.
We're walking out.
(jazz music playing)
SINGER: ♪That lass has class♪
♪This chick is hip♪
♪And if she takes you on her ride♪
♪It's a real crazy trip♪
♪Those lips, those hips♪
♪Beyond compare♪
♪That sway, so gently as they twist♪
♪The moment that she...♪
What the hell is she doin'?
What is she doin'?
-What the hell was that?
-ABBY: She changed the dance.
She changed the dance.
CATHY: I pretty much took center stage
and I improvised.
But I think that the moms
probably should have expected
that being a dance teacher
I was going to put some of my own thing
into it to jazz it up.
They should have expected that.
And if they didn't,
then they got caught
with their pants down.
ABBY: She's doing a solo out there!
What is she doing?
She changed the dance!
She's doing a solo out there!
What is she doing?
♪That girl's just got to be♪
♪She's got that...♪
She's trying to upstage everyone.
(laughs)
Woo!
(laughter)
She got us totally messed up.
-What?
-That bitch.
ABBY: (indistinct) (laughs)
(applause)
CHRISTI: Cathy was in her little,
like, Candy Apple heaven.
(applause)
I'm gonna kick her ass.
KELLY: Cathy used so she could audition
for the Broadway talent scout.
Good luck to you, Cathy.
I hope you enjoy
playing Auntie Mame on Broadway.
-I'm not a dancer.
-CATHY: I'm so sorry.
Guess what?
I'm proud of you.
KELLY: Cathy knew
that Cesar was in the audience,
and she made us look
like idiots out there.
Moms, we have four lollipops
and we have five kids.
What are we doing?
No Maddie,
because she's right in the middle.
-Are they backstage?
-Yes, they're backstage.
-Ab--Abby's going to...
-MELISSA: I really don't think
that anybody's going to have an issue
with Maddie not having a lollipop
because it looks like
she's not supposed to.
Because there's two girls
on each side,
and then Maddie is in the middle.
Listen. Maddie does not have a pop.
Yes?
-There's only four so...
-MADDIE: Brooke!
Go. She's coming!
The other side.
(applause)
SINGER:
♪Sugar, sugar, sugar daddy's girl♪
♪Superficial Cali girls
will make you want to spend big♪
♪Got to drop a million plus
if you want to own this♪
♪Gated homes with ocean views,
Cristal floating in the pool♪
♪Designer gowns, Winston jewels,
my closet is Fifth Avenue♪
♪I need this, I need that♪
♪You may think that I'm a brat♪
♪But I know what I'm worth♪
♪Yeah, I'm where it's at♪
♪Boys annoy me♪
♪They just can't afford me♪
♪When I want it, I get it
because I'm sugar daddy's little girl♪
CHRISTI: Apparently,
one of the "Sugar Daddy" lollipops
broke or something so, of course,
the special one in the dance
who doesn't have to dance
with the giant stick is Maddie.
Because she's the center,
and she's the special one with no props,
so naturally your eyes go to her.
That's the way things go.
SINGER: ♪Sugar, sugar, sugar♪
♪I'm sugar daddy's girl♪
♪Sugar, sugar, sugar,
I'm sugar daddy's girl♪
(cheering and applause)
MELISSA: Obviously, Maddie stood out
because she didn't have a lollipop,
but I think
she really made the dance.
Because she really used
her facial expressions,
and I think she was just adorable
in the dance.
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER: ♪Ooh♪
♪I've got a guy and he's so fine♪
CHLOE: I was a little nervous
to perform in front of Cesar.
I just wanted to make sure
that I knew my dance
and I remembered my dance.
I honestly
don't remember how well I did
because I was so nervous.
(applause)
Miss Abby says that the New York agent
is looking for girls
to put on Broadway.
I think it's a big deal
because I would really like
to be on a Broadway show.
SINGER: ♪And I♪
♪I don't want to do anything but cry♪
♪Oh, and I♪
♪And I♪
♪I don't want to do anything but cry♪
(cheering and applause)
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Cesar Rocha, an agent
from Telsey and Company Casting,
was in the house tonight.
(applause)
ABBY: Having Cesar
come here was a great honor.
It was fun.
It was exciting.
I was thrilled to have him here.
Hi! Hey, girls, good job!
You girls were so good.
Congratulations!
-You were so good.
-Thank you.
-Hi. Congratulations.
-Hi. Thank you.
You guys are so good.
Come with me, Maddie.
Chitchat with Maddie
over here for a second.
-MELISSA: Can I come?
-Yeah, of course.
You want to come?
Let's go here.
Coming from New York,
Maddie is a star.
Maddie is--it's unreal
how good she is in the face onstage.
All the girls are very good,
but Maddie just stood out for me.
She has that glimmer,
that sparkle.
I would love, like,
if you're ever in New York,
just come in and, like,
let me know you guys are there.
And I would love to, like, just chat
to the office and get to meet you.
And, like I said, we're doing
a bunch of stuff with kids now.
So it'd be great.
And just, like, keep in touch.
And I could see her on stage.
I can see her on television.
I can see her as one of the kid actors
that we see in New York all the time.
Her picture actually was great,
so that's good.
It's old, but Abby wanted that one.
CHRISTI: Soon as we find out
there is a talent agent
from Telsey and Company coming,
we knew that the focus
was going to be on Maddie.
And I know that Abby
probably promoted her
before anybody else.
She's so good.
-She's so good.
-She's just smart.
She's unreal.
She's smart, yeah.
-She's smart.
CESAR: Yeah. And she's, like,
a strong dancer amongst the other girls.
CHRISTI: And, naturally,
when he came out
and he wanted to talk to somebody,
the child he pulls aside is Maddie.
And I don't know,
what did you say?
You said you're not upset but it hurts.
-Yeah.
-Thank you.
-Great. You looked beautiful on stage.
--Thank you.
-CESAR: Thanks.
MELISSA: I knew Cesar would love her.
It's kind of a given.
And she has a cute
little personality.
She's not a brat.
Christi is jealous
of my eight-year-old daughter,
and I think it's totally ridiculous.
It's because my kid is the star.
She is the most talented girl there,
and Abby knows that she has a future.
CHRISTI: I don't know how much longer
I can put up with Abby.
The whole Broadway casting agent thing
was total bull (bleep).
We all know
why this guy came in.
And it was for her precious little Maddie,
no one else.
I might have agreed to play
by Abby's dumb little rules,
but no more.
I'm not keeping my mouth shut,
and it's on.
CESAR: Thank you.
Congratulations.
MELISSA: Thank you.
It was nice to meet you.
CESAR: Nice to meet you, too.
Nice to meet you, Maddie.
(tense music playing)